Description of commands:

This document is a brief description of the commands
that a user can use in this game.

Throughout this document, quotes are used, but when
entering the commands, don't type the quote marks.

When you are done with your turn, type "finished"
or "done"

These are the possible first words in a command:
'build', 'select', 'move', 'print', 'set', 'collect',
'chop', 'mine', 'research', 'farm',
'help', 'commands'

Another command is 'help build'.


The position of a unit is printed to the user by a tuple (i, j), representing
that it is at row i and column j. So i is how far up or down it is, with a
smaller value of i meaning it is further up on the map, and j
represents how far left or right it is, with a smaller value of j
meaning it is further to the left.

To move a unit or units,
first select it/them. For example, enter a command like this:
"select villager 1"
or
"select villagers 1-3"

Next, type something like this:
"move w5"  (meaning this: move west 5, i.e. left 5)
or
"move e2 n6" (meaning: move east 2 and north 6, i.e. move left 2 and up 6)

If a unit is at position (i, j), then (if it is selected) the command
"move n3 e2" changes its position to (i-3, j+2).

In one turn, units can move through a distance of 15. So for example, they
can move north 10 and east 5 (via the command "move n10 e5") or they could
move south 2 and east 13, etc. Later on, when siege weapons are implemented,
those units will probably be able to move less per turn. Also, mounted troops
(i.e. knights) will be able to move more per turn.

To see what a unit or units is/are currently doing, first select it/them,
and then type the following command:
"print"

To print the part of the map centered at (i, j), type this:
"print map i j"

To print what resources you currently have, type this:
"print resources"

Resources and buildings are shown on the map but (as of now) units are
not printed on the map. Currently, any number of units may be in the
same position. Also, a unit can be in any position, regardless of
whether or not there are resources there or a building there.


The position of a building is the position of its lower left
(i.e. south west) corner.

To build a building at position (i, j) type this (after selecting a
villager or villagers):
"build <name of building> i j"
For example:
"build lumbercamp 70 75"

If a villager is not close enough to the where the building is to be
built, then the above command will first cause the villager to move
to the correction position, and then the villager will build the
building.

